Win win, look, I found a big, big one.
Win win, take a look. right,
It's too annoying, not too hot.
Then, then don't.
Mr. Sheng, Mr. Sheng, they were all destroyed by me.
We should go smell the devil together.
Mr. Leftover. Mr. Leftover.
Mr. Leftover. How can there be? He is not even one.
Mr. Leftover. I am Mr. Left.
I'm very rich. win,
I'm super rich. I have a lot of money,
I'll take you to eat something delicious. Is he fun?
I am a money person, almost a money person.
Who dares to bully you? I know
I don't know either
If there was a life like Xiong Ming
for my everything
I just thought about what happened that night
I feel very tight
Did it happen to me?
It's good. Didn't receive it.
You thought you didn't receive it
That Wen Sheng like Xiong Ming
if you know
I was that night
The man who bullied you
Will you still stay by my side? It's you